Extension of Readme (#4)
WebOfTrustInfo/ld-signatures-java: README.md

	    "signatureValue" : "eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImI2NCI6ZmFsc2UsImNyaXQiOlsiYjY0Il19..d8wWxUJTpxAbYHLgFfaYYJJHdWido6wDMBeUhPL7e0m4vuj7xUePbnorf-YqlGZwaGI0zVI_-qJmGbqSB0bm8x20Z9nvawZS8lTk_4uLIPwSPeH8Cyu5bdUP1OIImBhm0gpUmAZfnDVhCgC81lJOaa4tqCjSr940cRUQ9agYjcOyhUBdBOwQgjd8jgkI7vmXqs2m7TmOVY7aAr-6X3AhJqX_a-iD5sdBsoTNulfTyPjEZcFXMvs6gx2078ftwYiUNQzV4qKwkhmUSAINWomKe_fUh4BpdPbsZax7iKYG1hSWRkmrd9R8FllotKQ_nMWZv0urn02F83US62F6ORRT0w"
	  }

Example Usage of `PrivateKeySignerFactory`:

      // keytype must be one of the following
      String keyType = "RSA";
      String keyType = "P-256K";
      String keyType = "Ed25519";
      
      // algorithm must be one of the following
      String algorithm = "RS256";
      String algorithm = "ES256K";
      String algorithm = "EdDSA";
      
      // privateKey must be one of the following
      Object privateKey = rsaPrivateKey; // implementation of java.security.interfaces.RSAPrivateKey
      Object privateKey = ecPrivateKey; // implementation of org.bitcoinj.core.ECKey

>       Object privateKey = privateKeyAsByteArray; // a com.nimbusds.jose.jwk.JWK converted to a byte[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Object privateKey = privateKeyAsByteArray; // an Ed25519 key as a byte[]
```
